---
layout: page
title: About me
background: '/img/large/when_in_prague.jpeg'
---

I graduated from the University of North Carolina in 2016. My majors were statistics and operations research and economics, with a minor in UNC's entrepreneurship program. I felt at the time, and would feel inclined to say today, that through some intentionality, but mostly by happenstance, I was able to reap the sows of liberal arts education—more than most anyway. The system offered me flexibility to satisfy a passion for literature. While I would scribble down discrete logical equations in the morning, I would read, and reread the lines which heralded John Donne’s memento mori: “no man is an island” after lunch. I spent a semester assigned the task of reading Shakespeare’s plays, which I completed in the undergraduate library. When I did so, I would scan the room on occasion, anxious of catching a covetous glance: “look what I am getting away with!” I would say to myself, “if only they knew that I took pleasure in the readings, they would not allow this to be credited toward my GPA.” Underlying my gravitation toward literature, I believe, was a longing to craft my own story. It was an admiration of the power to conjure up a romantic love through the pen, that is to say, on a whim. It was an attraction to the pleasure of wit. Ultimately, I believe, it was nostalgia for a reality I had never known. On alternating days, I exhausted my hand with figures of aggregate supply and demand curves—they were lines, as far as I remember—but my head had taken residence far above the clouds, I was in the stars. Perplexed by the idea of relativity, the boundlessness of the Universe, the births and deaths of stars, my thoughts were fueled by lectures in astronomy. The professor did everyone the service of removing most of the physics from his course, which would have been more than prohibitive for me. As I recall he once said, “astronomy is not meant to be mathematics, it is meant to inspire wonder”, and I was its hopeless victim. I was spell-bound with a concept of binding together the relations of all things. Without any awareness of what I was doing, I had taken up the project of developing a small metaphysics, but my inquiry was halted well before ‘understanding’ the cosmos. To understand would be to fall into the void of generality, and I thoroughly rejected that repugnance. Rather, I found myself suspended at the event horizon, content with (but oblivious to) the safety in battling my worthy adversary, my ‘high-level’ concepts of nature. My carrot was a notion of being realized by mankind: a faceless, yet kindhearted soul who would be grateful for my contribution to human thought. My stick was a long, inflamed digestive tract whose task was to absorb the nutrients of life experience, yet seemed to defy these orders even under threat of the lash.
